Is everything OK. Suzanne?
Everything is great.
We consumed mushrooms.
Are we doing these things now?
These would start as
the effect of heat.
Peter and I ate a few
a couple of weeks ago.
He said that I
I was acting very strangely.
Mingu Peter kanni.
Do what you want.
In fact. if you stick
Peter. you're doing him.
I don't stick it to Peter.
Peter's whipping me.
Sometimes well. sometimes not
not so well.
Sometimes Brad picks up with me.
Wow. is that something.
we want to discuss now?
Speaking of fucking. Sam.
how's it going with Gatsby?
I... I don't know.
It's nothing serious yet.
Or is it?
I think it is.
Giddyup. could we return
Peter and Diane's stick?
No.
Really? - Mel!
Mel. Sit down.
Mel. hi. - Hi.
Mel. - Hello. darling.
Hello. - Hi.
What did I miss?
Suzanne is high as a kite. And
Maggie is a little less stoned.
And Sam and Owen
Ashe is now a couple.
No. we are not a couple. We are not a couple.
No couple.
I heard that you two
mischief in Gretchen's bathroom.
What?
This is not entirely incorrect.
It was a very nice bathroom.
No need to be ashamed. No.
he's a ridiculously handsome man.
A very symmetrical face.
Gretch. do you think that
he's had a filling injection?
If it is. it is imperceptible.
I think he's a nämma.
Tubli. Sam.
What's up?
Nothing.
Just hot.
This is a sauna.
Sorry.
It is what it is.
Sammhaaval.
Why did you buy it?
We don't watch anything.
that needs such a big TV.
It gives a cinema-like experience.
This is not cinema.
but our living room.
That way. when you fall asleep.
I can come down and watch movies.
You'll be asleep before me.
This is an idle rumour.
I think it's cool. Grandpa.
- See. Hunter thinks it's cool.
You know. Dad. I have a type.
who hangs them up.
Yes. and I have two types here.
Hooray. let's raise.
What is it?
Nothing. I shifted my back.
It sounded worse than a dislocation.
- Wait a minute. Can you...
Hello. How are we doing?
Membership agreements are on paper.
so everything is almost ready.
But not completely?
One of the investors wants to meet.
Cricket Birch.
It's not personal.
He wants to meet everyone who
who will take a big position in the Foundation.
Jack wanted to know.
if you were coming tonight
to his side for a dring to
so you can discuss the plan.
I'll send you the address.
No. I know where he lives.
OK. thank you.
I'll call my guy.
Excuse me.
Hey. excuse me. You
can't just park here.
Hello! Hi.
Are you kidding?
Sorry. I called
the sofa twice.
And it's not the first time.
One blue SUV is for me
more than once.
Yeah. it's actually my SUV.
- I'm really sorry about that.
Just this road does not
leaves us with many choices.
Blocking the entry is not
I know. you're right.
What is your name?
Melanie Cooper.
Hello. Melanie. I'm Miguel.
I am a foreman.
Nice. Miguel. but
I'm getting old here.
You can't drive away?
Sorry. can not.
I... I called the driver.
He'll be here soon. right?
Wait. wait.
Did they tell you to
block the access road?
What?
Nothing. it makes no difference.
Here it is. Listen!
They blocked it
the woman's entry.
What's going on?
Let's go!
There is no parking here.
Fine. but find another place.
It's gone. gone. gone.
Mine. mine.
Well. give me your phone.
What can I do for you?
I'll give you my number.
If it happens again. call me.
And I'll clear the way before you come.
- Want to give me your number?
Course.
And now I have yours.
Very clever. Miguel.
Sight.
New paint?
Yes. Some bastards put
on my other bacon.
Seriously?
The boomers consider it international
network of art thieves.
Was it insured?
- Of course it was. but that's not the point.
I loved the bloody country.
It was the first
piece of art I bought.
I'm sorry.
Yes. I have one too.
Gosh. I'm talking numbers.
That's not necessary. Liv.
We do not sell Excelsior to Coop.
we sell Coop to Cricket.
Numbers are not important.
So what is it?
Cricket Birch on Excelsioris
majority investor. because over time
he is there for a large part
of the family's assets.
Your business is brand new.
He needs reassurance that you
won't disappear tomorrow.
I can confirm this.
- Cricket is not a tola.
The last time you left...
- Listen... I didn't leave.
A question of semantics.
The point is that we
disagreement caused a bit of a fuss.
As you drove into town
shit about me on the town.
Exactly. And in Europe too.
So you understand why it is
he thinks it's strange that all of a sudden...
we put the sandwiches back together again.
This is also my opinion
strange. to be honest.
We are talking about $400 million.
Knowing you. he knows what a whore you are.
Coop. - It's all right. Liv.
Coop is now a customer.
He can talk all kinds of shit about us.
And you can fuck him again if you want.
Jack. - Liv.
Liv. - What?
I thought we'd say
Heldeke.
Anyone for another drink?
Sorry. I have to answer this.
I'll be right back.
Isn't it fun?
So. can you keep yourself going long enough?
to get this deal done?
I get the deal
concluded. Don't worry.
Because of this
is my job.
Yes. about that...
Jack made you do it.
to irritate us both.
Don't do it. - Do what?
Jack did.
because he may be a shitty person. but
he knows I'm bloody good at what I do.
Believe me. If you're good at your job.
it may not be Jack's
in your case.
All right. young people. I must
pull the ends together.
Did you give him an itinerary?
Peloponnese?
I assume that the suvatsed
show up this time.
Put white and coloured
laundry together. Beginner's mistake.
It ruined everything
my school clothes.
Nojah. Be kind.
I didn't get it
wear it properly yet.
Do you think I made a mistake?
Course. Always put
gentle wash programme.
Not by washing.
With your life.
Are you asking me for advice?
Do you know Soundgarden
the song "Fell on Black Days"?
No. - Jeerum.
You need to listen to it.
It's so damn good.
Anyway. that's about it.
how you might wake up one day
and the things that make your
cared about most in your life.
suddenly seem
pointless and wrong.
We all have moments when
we question our choices.
And you wonder. wouldn't it be easier
just go with the flow.
But when it happens.
I remind myself.
that whatever the
I worry about...
Oh shit and shit. we
we're going to be late for school.
Come on. you're offering me a kiss.
ERATREENER
NICK'S FUCKING POWERFUL GYM
Yes. it is.
Barney. How's it going. man?
I don't know. What's going on?
Barney. this is Luc
DeMille. He's Ashe's assistant.
Pleased to meet you. Mr
Ashe's assistant?
I'm its chief lawyer.
although I have many roles.
The chief lawyer?
Will Ashe take us to court?
I keep Nicki Sitaks Powerful
Keep an eye on the evaluation of the gym.
And why do you appreciate us?
That's what I wanted to tell you.
Ashe buys in.
Just for fun?
It depends on the company
an audit of the finances.
This is for all new
for new investments.
Will you excuse us for a moment?
Come on. Nick.
It goes fast.
What the hell are you doing. Nick?
Look. I know. I know that
I should have told you sooner.
but it all happened so fast.
We went for a drink and
boom... he wants to expand across the country.
250 Sitaks From the Power Gym
across the country by 2028.
Yes. I heard that story.
He had a friendly chat about the NBA
but we have a good plan. Nick.
Slow and steady growth.
He bets 30 million.
30 million dollars?
He has a whole franchise team.
Let's get it going.
We don't know him. Nick.
We have 30 million reasons
to get to know him.
Not like this.
If that's how you get money for
you belong to him.
Giddyup. Calm down.
there's a certain way. isn't there?
And why he we
studying accounting?
You mean my accounts?
- I want to see his.
I want to talk to his bankers
and check his creditworthiness.
I can't let you
Nick... - Hey!
I don't work for you.
- Goodbye. I didn't mean it like that.
You work for me.
Do you still know?
Yes. and my job is to help you
to protect you from such transactions.
You know. man. I was an NBA champion.
I won't after this
one or two gyms.
I need to leave a bigger mark.
You make waves
on television. Nick.
Maybe.
Or will the NBA sign a new TV contract?
and I get a shoe in two years.
You said it yourself. Barney.
For former athletes
have a definite time window
and I know that mine will end up just like yours
my career before I'm done.
If I have learned anything.
that such an opportunity
it must be seized.
You can play along or
opt out. but I will.
Gentlemen. is there a problem?
Is there a problem. Barney?
You were Mr DeMille. right?
That's right.
How can I help?
To start. I need
all your passwords.
But of course.
In 2012 Nereids Yachtsi
built by Nereids yacht Haldjas Melusine
is the pinnacle of maritime luxury.
If you've got plenty of money.
buy a modest
entry level Nereids hunting
at a price of around three million dollars.
If you've got shit to spare
money. you let them design the megayacht.
that meets your personal requirements and
costs the same as a navy destroyer.
And you give them one guideline -
length above all.
197 feet long Haldjas Melusinet.
with a gross tonnage of 875 tonnes.
carry forward
Caterpillar engines.
with a power of 5000 horsepower
and capable of speeds of up to 17 knots.
Nothing to show
millionaires better.
that you are a billionaire if
a bespoke white boat.
Heldeke.
I have to answer this.
Go on. I'll catch up.
This will take a moment. Yes. Barney?
I have news. - Yes.
now is not a good time.
Ashe invests in gyms.
What? You mean.
that he's considering it?
No. It seems that he
has already decided.
And Nick didn't tell you?
No. he said. Today.
Can you change his mind?
I was hoping you would.
It would be very suspicious.
if his financial manager
would convince him to 30 mln
dollars to refuse.
30 million?
Yes. They look
reviewing the accounts now.
This is not good. Are you worried? - No.
Seemed to be worried.
I'm afraid I'm going to worry.
I'm sure it is
just Ashe's spectacle.
to show Nick.
that he was telling the truth.
This is a formal assessment.
They don't look at cash flow. Everything works.
We're fine. I'm fine. I can manage.
I can do it.
Mrs Birch finishes her speech.
Thank you.
Here we are. - Fine.
Cricket Birch earned his
his fortune the old-fashioned way. He inherited it.
But that did not change him
less scary.
He had an Oxford education.
a top management career
and unlike many like him
he had grown his property.
What made him in the financial world
a kind of unicorn.
And if the rumblings were true.
he was also certain
exclusive meeting places.
Jack. good to see you.
As always. - You too. Cricket.
Remember Andrew Cooper?
Hello. Coop. Long time no see.
Indeed. Nice yacht.
- Ah. that old pilot boat.
Shall we go?
Coop investment
shifts significantly
fund beta in equities.
reducing your exposure.
No need. Jack.
- And by the 4th quarter...
I don't have this presentation
need. I've done the calculations.
I have to graduate
come. right?
Giddyup. So tell me what we get
we can do to make you feel more comfortable.
You can't. Not really.
I either feel like
comfortable or not.
So why are we here?
Because you're an old-school salesman
and I like that about you.
I sent you from Austria
Strottarga Bianco from Austria.
That's very kind of you.
I will definitely try
before I leave.
No. you have to try it now.
while it's still fresh.
How can I refuse?
You have been awfully quiet.
Well. Jack had a plan.
Yes. you'd probably be fooled
me until I surrender.
Now they can
adults can speak freely.
You start.
Good enough. I'm currently managing
a hefty amount of money.
If Jack would do for me as
I'd want revenge.
I wouldn't give it to a company
a nine-figure investment management fee.
so forgive me
my doubts.
Good enough.
If it eases your doubts.
then I have already paid.
You mean the Swiss.
Don't be so surprised. Our
There are very few secrets in our world.
Jack is the devil
I already know. Nothing else.
Yes. that may be true.
but that's not all.
Loss for the Swiss
hurt him.
Bailey had a shot against
and it was a big hit.
but Jack somehow managed to
Excelsior's revenues.
You don't have to be so surprised.
You're not the only one
have done the math.
So I don't know what
deal you have with Jack.
and frankly
it doesn't interest me.
I just know that Excelsior
is virtually bulletproof
and I want to be part of it.
And it's as simple as that?
No. but... that's about it.
I don't want any friction.
Coop. - That's not the point.
No exit after
six months if your investors
there are no eggs to survive the market downturn.
I play the long game.
- And I'm not looking for a partner.
I decide. - Understandable.
I just want to
ride in your wind.
I'm having a party tonight.
Can you stay?
Hello. I want Humboldt Fogi. two
Manchego. smoked goat cheese...
You know what. he
wants Bried.
Which one has "Moon" in its name?
Excuse me.
One moment.
Hello? - Elena?
Chivo. What number is it?
Elena... I need a favour.
Can it wait? I have
I've got my hands full with Nick's savoury sandwich party.
I was arrested.
What?
I was with Luis and...
Wait. Félixi with Luis?
Are you kidding?
Elena. you need my
get out of here. Hurry.
Giddyup. I'm coming
as soon as I can.
The deposit is $50 000.
Fifty thousand!
What the hell did you do?
No. I can't.
Elena?
Hello. Andrew Cooper here.
So. how long have you been Mr
Mr Ashe?
A long time.
Well...
One customer. excuse me.
Barney.
Can I call you back?
I need my money.
Gosh. I'm not an ATM.
I have an emergency.
I don't care what you are.
I need $50 000. today.
It's a bit complicated at the moment.
How complicated?
All my money is yours
in your hands. I want some of it back.
You didn't leave anything for yourself?
You said it was not necessary.
Mr. DeMille. either
could you take a look at this?
I'll call you back.
- Barney. don't put the phone down.
Good enough.
OWEN ASHE: HOW'S IT GOING?
ARE WE THERE? LET ME KNOW!!!
I do not remember that
being such an introvert.
Not exactly my kind of people.
No. I didn't think so.
You're after our last
since we met.
I'm older.
My curve.
Well...
After we last
A lot has happened since we met.
Yes. I heard about it.
Then you know.
I hope you will not condemn.
- What? With my family? Nothing.
And you divorced. - Yes.
Was it crazy?
So far.
I'm very sorry. Coop.
You were one of the rare faithful
men. at least to my knowledge.
It was impressive.
Well. it comes out.
that marriage at
there are a whole bunch of other
important things other than fidelity.
Who would have thought?
Do you remember
the conference in Berlin?
I remember we were both pretty
You're very tactful.
I guess I'm right
I threw myself at you.
And you managed to get me home like that
so I didn't feel left out.
I have a feeling you're not
low self-esteem.
True.
Besides. if I were you
Jack would have fired me.
Jack fired you.
Why did you stay here today?
Probably the same
the reason for which you asked.
Didn't Danny go out with her?
Kurat.
Give me a moment.
I know what you're saying
you're going to say... - You promised me.
I kept my promise.
I had nothing to do with it.
- So why is my brother in prison?
Luis was missing someone.
He took Chivo with him
and didn't ask my permission.
If it calms you down.
then I dealt with Luis.
You know what would calm me down?
Pay his bail.
You don't have the money?
How much do you need?
Fifty thousand.
Fifty...
Chivo.
Thank you.
This is a loan.
This is a bailout.
You get it back.
What? Do you want me to
to charge you interest?
No interest
or conditions.
Ay.
There are always conditions.
Thank you for doing this.
It's stuck for a while
but today just...
was stuck. - Happy to help.
It was just a matter of tightening your soul.
Need anything else?
Yeah. boss
I'm on the mic
I'm trying to offer you
what you like
I can be gentle I can be tough
Let me do the B-part
Meeks well. mamita.
Your skin is so soft.
So smooth.
Sí. Sí.
Your pussy is so wet!
As a 20-year-old!
More. more! Want more?
Si. Si?
Aren't you going to say anything?
What do you want me to say?
You're a shit criminal.
Do you want to be
to be deported?
What do you expect from me?
I'm not like you. I'm not
work for pennies!
Do you think that
that's what I do?
Cleaning up after rich people!
This is honest work.
Who your coming here
do you think paid for it?
We came here.
to live better!
Are you really saying that this
is the best we can do?
Is that all?
You mean my apartment?
The one in which free
you live in. asshole?
Sorry. I didn't mean...
You ungrateful little asshole!
I was away at work to rescue you from prison!
Don't worry.
I'm not burdening you anymore.
You can go to the cellars
Go fuck yourself. Chivo.
Listen! Where are you going with your
do you think you're going. you wanker?
Whatever. As long as it's not here.
Ass. ass.
Please.
Jack. you need to calm down.
Hey. Hey.
...the end. shit.
Please. Jack. You need to calm down.
Just breathe with me...
Don't drive me to this yoga
shit. Heldeke. Coop.
What's going on. buddy?
Fucking erection pills.
Oh generosity. Please
give us a moment.
Thank you very much.
I took too many.
How much did you take? - You saw
them. What would you have done?
Kind of feeling that
it's about to explode.
Can you let go?
No. I can't! This
it's like a steel beam!
Oh ass. I think.
I'm going to have a heart attack...
No. calm down and breathe. You have
just having a panic attack.
I will not calm down!
My game is purple!
I'll call a doctor.
Persse.
Probably cheered as
at Christmas when they saw me like this.
No. not really.
I'm sure you'll throw it
for months to come.
I feel like a bloody clown.
It is humiliating.
Jack. if it makes you feel better.
it never was. was it?
You know. for a while
I was you.
I was handsome. vibrant.
Prediction.
When I entered the room.
I was noticed.
I had a little bit of guts left. you know?
You'll get used to the feeling
and you think it
it will always be like that and...
then you understand...
that people are not you
noticed you for a long time.
You're half invisible.
I'm sure that with you
that won't happen to you. Jack.
He sent me packing
away from the meeting. Coop.
I manage her two billion dollars and she's
made me eat a fucking fish egg!
At the same time
you made a deal.
Did you fuck him?
You fucked him.
Enjoy it until
you still can. Coop.
It doesn't last half
as long as you think.
One day you wake up and
you're not yourself anymore.
You become me.
And then you realise you're not a piece of
the man you used to be.
I have to tell you.
that when it arrives...
it's bloody scary.
Thank you. Thank you.
Spend your life.
avoiding certain realities.
Then you sit on one
one day in a private plane
and tells you the truth
the prophet of old.
who just a few hours earlier needed medical attention.
to save him from a wobbly erection.
And so strangely.
as strange as it sounds.
you realise at that moment. like
you have never understood before.
how old you really are.
I welcomed Morgan to school
and he looked at me with a scowl.
With me. it's worse.
Don't worry. he's just angry.
because Delilah is a really hot chick.
We are not... - Ole
now. It's all right.
He seems cool.
Plus. you are both weirdos.
so that comes in handy.
Hello. I didn't know.
you were back.
I'm not back.
I'll just take a few things.
Do you want to wash any clothes?
I can do my own washing. Mum.
Really?
Yes. indeed.
You must now
You'll have to manage it all yourself.
He's just trying to be polite.
What's wrong with you?
It's probably not me.
This week's summary
of mistakes. buckets
and complete cuckoos
starts in Dallas.
Hello.
Hi! - Hello!
I see you.
After them comes the mozzarella.
- Gosh. the nunchobar must be filled.
One hot dish
the fire is out.
And could you please make your
Remind your staff again.
that they would use the bottom
Yes. ma'am.
SITAPEA
I've got this.
- Your boyfriend is missing.
What!
Chivo! He made a fuss.
What are you talking about?
I'm in your apartment
and he's gone.
What the hell are you doing in my home?
Hear me!
All his things are
gone! He's running away!
Son of a bitch!
Hey Elena. single hot
the heater does not burn.
My bailout money...
Litapoeg! If they have
don't have my fucking money...
Is something wrong?
I have to go.
Right now?
Right now.
Sorry. - Damn.
He wants to go to the top of the Tips.
you like bad boys
Yeah. I'm a bad boy
Not stopping. not stopping
And he said he likes
tough - Yes. you were right.
Dear. iron me like a cowboy
Mel?
Hello.
I'm glad you came.
Sensei.
Bye. don't take down my carpet.
There is only the house.
That's something.
Thank you. Hello.
Hello.
And they are already something.
Which one is your companion?
All of them?
Be now. I could not
even handle you.
How's the book coming along?
Well. very well. - Really?
No. not really. - No?
What's going on. Nick?
Hi. Gordy.
Hey. man. - What's up?
We'll see later. - Yes.
Your house is powerful.
- Heldeke. Well. it's only a house.
Lisa. Thank you.
Just one night.
cannot stay - Thank you.
I'm gone for tomorrow
You did not know that
I'm a singer? - Cool!
I'm a wild boy. I bring
mischief - Not bad.
Hey. are you in a hurry? - Why do you ask?
You're under stress.
No. I serve from stress.
I haven't eaten anything yet.
Hello.
How are you feeling?
All is well.
But work. it was just...
Is that weird for you?
No. why should that be strange?
Seriously? Nick's house.
Models in their twenties
walking around like concubines.
Probably organises
after the orgy.
It is now though
fucking weird. Thank you.
Don't you think he
doesn't need such a big house?
He is a professional sportsman.
Needs to maintain reputation.
Smaller houses
had no basketball court in the basement.
Yeah.
Hello everyone.
Hello. Oh you... Yes. please.
What? You're very charming. - Thank you.
But me. I'm not pretty?
You are Westchester Seven.
I agree.
Hello.
Hi. - Mel. You don't have a drink.
I'm... I'm not drinking today.
For the Easter feast.
Darling. no one even noticed.
Grace. do you want a new glass?
No. I'm not drinking today either.
Oot. Good. What's going on?
So be it. Keep. We all
just don't drink anymore?
No. it's... - Nothing like that.
I just...
Solidarity with Mel.
Oh mercy. you're pregnant.
What?
I always understand. You are
Pregnant? - He has such a gift.
Only sometimes he is wrong. It has to be
more than sometimes. less than often.
Naasen kohe. - Oot.
Sorry. what the hell?
Ladies. come here.
Grace is pregnant.
What? - Yes.
Grace!
You're so fucking
young. I hate you.
Hello. you can get it
take care of it? Thanks.
Hey guys! - Hey.
How's it going?
What's the noise?
Grace is pregnant.
What?- Yes. not as planned.
I will go and congratulate him.
Giddyup. How's it going?
What are we talking about?
You know. Stuff.
Come on.
We'll talk later. - That was fun.
Yes. good conversation.
Congratulations. my friend.
It's a beautiful occasion.
Thank you.
Yes. and congratulations to you Sitaks Powerful
gym family.
Isn't it? I
I am extremely excited.
I met your assistant DeMille.
Yeah. Cool. Yeah.
Thanks for doing this.
Yes. I know he
can be a bit...
He's not exactly warm
and nice guy. right?
But he's as damn
machine. I'd be stuck without him.
Yeah. No. he's awesome.
Listen. I could easily do it myself
prepare everything for you.
I have worked with Nick for a long time.
I know where all the bodies are buried.
Not that there are any.
No. no. I know it's...
It's nothing personal.
To be honest. I've never been tickled.
I tend to make impulsive decisions.
That's why I have DeMille. He is
detailed. Like you. He guides me.
Course. The details are
are the most important. right?
Exactly.
is there a deadline? Or...
Usually goes
about a couple of weeks.
It just does a full audit and
then we'll make a plan for scaling up.
Yes.
An audit?
Yes. Duty of care.
my man. duty of care.
Jeerum. look at these women.
Yes. Bye. - So...
Come on. let's get our noses full.
Coop! That's right. buster. you came.
Hi. - What's going on?
Good to see. Hello. gentlemen.
Guys. this is my buddy
Coop. - How are we doing?
Hello. Nice to see you. Hi. - Hi.
I'll have a drink. I'll be back soon.
Yeah. - How's it going?
Good to see you. buddy.
So. guys. None of you have
ever tried out for the NBA?
What?
Peace. Let them
Isn't that nice?
No. it's not
It's not nice. it's arrogant.
Tirin weed out
And the wind takes it away
Somewhere far away
Where they bring no harm
And my heart is warm Like
my lawn in the sun
This setback is pretty and cool
Time will tell whether this
helps Or we give up
Is it safe here?
Very witty.
It is water.
Are you a combe?
His stay here...
How does that not bother you?
I don't know. Maybe it is
I have bigger concerns.
It was for us
a difficult year for all of us.
For Sam too. but we
we're all still here.
Maybe we should give ourselves
do our best to get along normally.
What is it? Is
running for mayor?
I think we all... - Yes.
Why it seems that everyone
much easier for everyone else?
Do I have to be yours
worry about?
I'll let you know sometime.
I'm looking up Grace.
Hello.
I'm there if you need me.
Well.
L'chaim.
We are turned raw backwards.
What? - Yes.
The guys from Ashe... Nad
are doing a full audit.
An audit?
I thought you had a thing
under control. That it was a formality.
Yes. it is a formal audit.
All my money is under it.
Well. it's frozen.
until it's over.
Elena gets angry.
He is already angry.
Can I have a drink?
Come on. Let's dance.
Sweetheart. I am
Please.
Be now. Come. until I
I can see my toes.
Go yourself. - Fine.
One moment.
What? - I'll be right back.
Yes. yes. yes.
Wow.
Go inside.
No way. - Mel.
No. I'm not doing that now.
Is there ever a good time when
we could get together and talk?
I've been quite busy lately.
I just want to talk.
I just... - What?
Do you want to explain?
As if it could be a kind of
misunderstanding?
I want to apologise.
You want to apologise.
- I was going to apologise.
Or both?
Yes.
You don't seem to understand
fully what you did.
And to be honest. I think it is
a hoarseness that everyone would like to have forgotten...
I'm not interested in all these
people. I care about you.
If you had taken care of me.
you wouldn't have fucked my husband.
Is that your problem?
- No. that's not what I meant.
When it comes to it. going
the conversation is much easier.
Not in this. And we don't chat.
It looks like we're having a chat.
Because you don't stop talking.
Yes. because you can
listen to me. damn it.
Maybe you've forgotten because
you haven't spoken to me in a year.
but I can go on and
go on and on until you listen to me.
Damn. I'm wearing you out. Mel.
Planned to destroy my family
for $20 million in compensation.
You know what I think?
I think you're probably
a narcissistic sociopath.
And this is my professional
opinion. as an experienced therapist who has...
Oh generosity.
Oh. generosity.
Wait. Mel. you're
Don't touch me.
Are you in? - Please
leave me alone.
I leave. I just...
It looks like you fell painfully.
I want to make sure you're OK.
Of all the others...
You of all people.
You were my friend.
I know.
I don't understand.
how you could do this.
And I don't understand why all you
love me again and hate me.
What? Nobody hates
They do.
My daughter hates me.
My neighbour hates me.
Their fucking dog hates me!
Dogs are supposed to love everyone.
My body hates me.
nothing works anymore.
I'm like a dried shell.
unable to orgasm!
Yeah.
I know...
What I did was terrible.
And please do all this
apologies.
I want you to know.
I'm so sorry.
that there is no room in me
for anything else.
I am forever and ever sorry.
I remember it and I
don't even recognise the person.
I think I was
sinking for so long
and I didn't understand it.
until one day I ran out of oxygen.
I panicked and did a
something extremely terrible
and I know you won't forgive me.
Hell. why should you?
And even if you do. don't
I'll never forgive myself.
It weighs on me
every minute. every day.
Like repentance and self-forgiveness
and I hate myself.
I hate myself and I hate both
so much that I hurt you. Mel.
You have no idea.
So be it.
And now I'm going.
Wait.
Sit here for a moment.
I just... - But don't talk.
Chivo.
Have you had enough
cheese. Brad?
Yeah. that's good. - Oh no. Shit.
I would like you to reply
honestly. Tony.
Hang such a thing
on the wall of your home?
Hell. no.
Coop. you must not let
Nick leave it on the wall.
I have to answer. Sorry.
There he is!
Coop. There my
the awesome persevest is.
You've done it. - Good enough?
Excelsior. They did it.
Didn't think I could handle it
you could. Don't be offended. - I wasn't.
You're a fucking legend.
You know that? Let's celebrate.
Let's party now.
We're celebrating and partying.
Let's go to a party. Let's go.
- I just have to answer.
Give me a moment. Thank you.
Hey. yeah...
What?
No...
No. no. be there. I
I'll be there as soon as I can.
Yes.
Is everything OK?
My father just died.
Translated by Vova Kljain